well let me ask you something since
we're on split screen do you think you
could do could you follow something if I
did because I'm always doing
impersonation of you you know it could I
follow something yes that you do yes
sure
okay now watch this now just give me
move Spofford of individuals into the
pattern it'll develop into all right now
let's pick the tempo up for Jerry hold
it hold it what I'm white
[Applause]
pick up the tempo for Jerry that's
terrific you know I'm always doing you
say something now I'm always doing you
so I figured the least I could do you
you got trust someone in the audience
here that's ridiculous that don't you
understand there's certain people that
are born with that ability really one
that ability to sketch okay go you can
scat Jerry come on now don't do that to
me
skoo do doopa doopa doopa you see it's a
little Hebraic but you can hear some of
it is you just don't want to do anything
with me I know yes I do are you buddy
what's you pick a song and let us know
once you've been my idol my mother used
to take me to see you when I was just
about you dirty man you dirty rat I
think there's about I don't know I take
your work Barry Fitzgerald said to me
today he said I saw Sammy Davis in
Atlantic City be God is a nice Jewish
boy oh that's very very good yeah that's
a very good now if you did if you did
Barry Fitzgerald yeah then I guess it's
only fair for me to do wait a minute one
second hold it well father I'd like to
say that it certainly is nice for you to
kind of drop in on us baby tomorrow we
can get over and played it back down
together never know kinda kick it around
a little bit
[Applause]
[Music]
all right hold it okay go ahead
here we go Nicola Nicola jezebeth what
Kelly Thomas led to who came on show
low-dose while at the DB so called obv
do you know who that is no my driver in
Paris his name is Murray I guess you
don't I did not know you did not use in
Paris I did not see him I said hello to
all my friends and they went like a
wacko but I tell you what why don't you
sing sing take one song and we can do
together yeah you pick the key and I'll
sing in your key you sing in anybody's
key you have a voice that's a rubber
band
hurry up the man is waiting this is
costing it's not like a long-distance
call yeah okay what are you gonna do you
butt out the janitor ones love is here
to stay
[Music]
I'm gonna love you like nobody's loved
you come rain or come shine you it was
just one of those things but don't don't
ever bet me cuz I'm gonna be true if you
let me ah you're going to love me like
nobody's loved me come rain
did we beat your starting up with the
white stuff again and won't it be fine
these may be cloudy or sunny we read out
the money but I'll be there cherry with
you rain or shine
[Music]
[Applause]